Added feature: Climate React Auto Setup plus minor Bugfix (#111)
nitaybz/homebridge-sensibo-ac: README.md

| `externalHumiditySensor`   |  Creates a separate Humidity sensor accessory, ignores the `disableHumidity` setting  |          |  `false` |  Boolean |
| `devicesToExclude`         |  Add devices identifier (room name, ID from logs or serial from Home app) to exclude from homebridge  |          |     -    |  String[]  |
| `ignoreHomeKitDevices`     |  Automatically ignore, skip or remove HomeKit supported devices  |          |  `false` |  Boolean |
| `locationsToInclude`       |  Device location IDs or names to include when discovering Sensibo devices (leave empty for all locations)  |          |     -    |  String[]  |
| `modesToExclude`           |  Modes to exclude from Home app when setting up Sensibo devices (leave empty to keep all available modes). Valid values: AUTO, COOL, DRY, FAN, HEAT  |          |     -    |  String[]  |
| `debug`                    |  When set to `true`, the plugin will produce extra logs for debugging purposes  |          |  `false` |  Boolean  |

> | `climateReactSwitchInAccessory`         |  When set to `true`, it will remove the extra AC Climate React switch if it exists and will show \"Climate React Button\" attached as a service to the Same AC Accessory (works only when `enableClimateReactSwitch` is set to true)   |          |  `false` |  Boolean  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `climateReactSwitchInAccessory`         |  When set to `true`, adds a **Climate React Button** (like `enableClimateReactSwitch` above) but within the AC Accessory. It will also remove the standalone AC Climate React switch (if one exists). Works only when `enableClimateReactSwitch` is also set to true  |          |  `false` |  Boolean  |
```

> | `enableClimateReactAutoSetup` |  Enables setting up an appropriate Climate React configuration when AC state is set or changed.     |          |  `false` |  Boolean  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enableClimateReactAutoSetup` |  When set to `true`, the plugin (whenever the AC state is set or changed) will update the Climate React configuration to match the new settings  |          |  `false` |  Boolean  |
```

To enable the extra **Occupancy Sensor**, add `"enableOccupancySensor": true` to your config.

### Climate React Switch

When enabled, an additional switch accessory will be added. The switch will enable or disable the "Climate React" mode you've set up in the Sensibo app.

Use this feature in conjunction with the occupancy sensor and you'll be able to get the "Sensibo Plus" feature that allows turning it on/off according to your geolocation.

Note: This feature does not allow changing the actual logic (temperature, mode etc) of the "Climate React" mode, only enabling or disabling it. Therefore, it will not work if the "Climate React" was not set up in Sensibo app first.

> **To attach the "Climate React" button as a service to the AC accessory instead of a separate switch**, add 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `"climateReactSwitchInAccessory": true` to your config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> **To enable the a Climate React switch**, add `"enableClimateReactSwitch": true` to your config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the **Climate React switch**, add `"enableClimateReactSwitch": true` to your config.

To attach the **Climate React switch** as a service within the AC accessory, instead of a separate switch, also add `"climateReactSwitchInAccessory": true` to your config.
```

### Climate React Auto Setup

> When enabled, every time an AC's state is set or changed,  appropriate Climate React configuration will be set up for maintaining the desired temperature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, every time an AC's state is set or changed, the Climate React configuration will be updated to maintaining the desired temperature.
```

> For example, if setting an AC to Cool to 25C, Climate React will be set up such that when the temperature rises above 25C the AC starts to cool and when the temperature drops below 24 (the target temperature minus 1 degress centigrade, or the equivalent fahrenheit delta), the AC will be turned off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if setting an AC to Cool to 25C, Climate React will be set up such that when the temperature rises above 25C the AC starts to cool and when the temperature drops below 24 (the target temperature minus 1 degree C, or the equivalent F delta), the AC will be turned off.
```

When setting an AC to Heat with a target temprature, Climate React will be set up similarly.

> **To enable Climate React Auto Setup**, add 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**To enable Climate React Auto Setup**, add `"enableClimateReactAutoSetup": true` to your config.
```

> `"enableClimateReactAutoSetup": true` to your config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
